Master
Are you there?
You are not a princess.
The owner is not in the bedroom.
Young master, do you know where this is?
My little eunuch.
Lower your voice.
This elegant fragrance is charming.
Little Tai Lin, do you know that the princess Phan next to the noble lady Mi is very scary?
If he knows you've broken in
The Queen's Bedroom
You'll end up like me.
What's your end?
Phan beat or scolded our women.
This is Pandehai.
Pandehai, it's your turn to thank my mother.
This slave dog is brave.
I'll master it for you.
You are not a saint today.
Why can you own me?
The queens are coming.
Go.
Who are you?
I...
Gotta find you
Your Majesty has been waiting.
I suddenly came to sunflower perfume
Princess
Keep your eyes wide open.
Who was the one who made the emperor linger about after all?
You let me be kind
Now we're talking about sunflower perfume.
You're kidding me.
Your Majesty forgives.
Phan beat or scolded our women.
Forgive.
The Pande Sea
What is your queen guilty of?
The body is Kun Ninh Cung leader Thai Lam
You don't do reminder duty.
The owner's words and actions
You don't even know where she's wrong.
It's worth dying for.
Xiao Su Tu
Yes.
Take it.
Haha queen
Queen, save me!
At the emperor's birthday party, he was still very kind to me.
Why did you suddenly change your face?
From now on, find me this beautiful blue shirt.
I want to make you a lady.
Slaves obey orders
It is only close to imperial power that there is imperial power.
What blue beauty?
What is noble
Then it is you.